So what is this idea.
We can also see it in our database.
And if you remember back to Mogadishu be part of this refresher.
We also had this idea.
Well the I.D. gets added to the document each time we store a new document in the database.
This is a unique I.D. for each document.
So if the idea we can identify a specific document and it gets added automatically no matter if we use
to Mongo DB driver or mongoose.
The thing about this idea is that well you can sit here actually it has a special type.
It's not a string.
It is a so-called object that you saw a mongo D.B. specific data type you could say and typically you
might want to work with these ideas for example as part of if tracks or things like that.
And with JavaScript you cannot work with this object I.D. data types for that you need to convert these
ideas into a string and Mongoose again has a convenient way to do so.
I can show you this.
Back in the project here in you Mongoose J S file here to create product.
And now here we can console log the type of our created product.
But interestingly we can now access the I.D. already.
I come back to that in a few seconds but we can access the I.D. in two different ways.
And our goal is to convert the object this object deep into a string.
And again Mongoose got a nice little help before that dad for that we use a so-called virtual getter
which is added by Mongoose and we can refer to it with I.D. here.
If we do so save it and now again create the banana go back you'll see now we turn it into a string
so if this virtual geta this is working by the way if you would refer to the I.D. property so with the
underscore.
So as you can see here we have the underscore front of idea if you would do this and create the product.
You see we get back an object.
So here this conversion doesn't work.
So again Mongoose got us covered.
And with that we can convert the object here into a string.
So this virtual getter helps us to convert the object into a string.
But why can we actually access our I.D. property here because neither in our model nor appear in our
javascript object.
We have to I.D. property.
Let me comment out.
This console log quickly and let's now lock our created product up here.
So before we actually save it to the database saving this and creating a new product we can see that
now although we didn't store the document to the database this happens afterwards you will fail safe
method.
The idea is added already to our object and that's really interesting right.
Although we didn't define it in our model nor here in our object we get this idea property here in our
object and in our document Indian.
That's also the reason why once we store the document this idea is edit and this is in the end a default
feature provided by Mongo D.B..
Now let me delete that console lock your door and let me comment this back in.
And as we talked about this idea now I think it makes sense to have a bit of a closer look here before
we conclude that module.